README.md, before:

## AWS App Mesh Roadmap

This is the public roadmap for AWS App Mesh. 

AWS App Mesh makes it easy to monitor and control microservices running on AWS. App Mesh standardizes how your microservices communicate, giving you end-to-end visibility and helping to ensure high-availability for your applications.
You can use App Mesh with [AWS Fargate](https://aws.amazon.com/fargate), [Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/), [Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (EKS)](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/), and Kubernetes on EC2 to better run containerized microservices at scale. App Mesh uses Envoy, an open source proxy, making it compatible with a wide range of AWS partner and open source tools for monitoring microservices.

For help getting started with App Mesh, head to https://aws.amazon.com/app-mesh.  Or, to see examples, you can visit our examples repository: https://github.com/aws/aws-app-mesh-examples

---

## Introduction
This is the experimental public roadmap for AWS App Mesh.
Knowing about our upcoming products and priorities helps our customers plan. This repository contains information about what we are working on and allows all AWS customers to give direct feedback.

[See the roadmap »](https://github.com/aws/aws-app-mesh-roadmap/projects/1)

## Beta Channel
The App Mesh team recently announced the upcoming availability of a Beta Channel, a new public service endpoint which allows every customer to try out and provide feedback on beta service features before they are generally available. This new service endpoint will be separate from the standard production endpoint, and will be coupled with preview releases of the AWS CLI for App Mesh, allowing customers to test beta features without impacting their current production infrastructure.

For more information on the Beta Channel, see [AWS App Mesh Beta Channel](/BETA-CHANNEL.md).

## Security disclosures

If you think you’ve found a potential security issue, please do not post it in the Issues.  Instead, please follow the instructions [here](https://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/) or [email AWS security directly](mailto:aws-security@amazon.com).


## FAQs
**Q: Why did you build this?**

A: We know that our customers are making decisions and plans based on what we are developing, and we want to provide our customers the insights they need to plan.

**Q: Why are there no dates on your roadmap?**

A: Because job zero is security and operational stability, we can't provide specific target dates for features.

**Q: What do the roadmap categories mean?**
* *Just shipped* - obvious, right?
* *Coming soon* - coming up.  Think a couple of months out, give or take.
* *We're working on it* - in progress, but further out.  We might still be working through the implementation details, or scoping stuff out.
* *Researching* - We're thinking about it. This might mean we're still designing, or thinking through how this might work. This is a great phase to send how you want to see something implemented!  We'd love to see your usecase or design ideas here. 

**Q: Is everything on the roadmap?**

A: The majority of our development work for AWS App Mesh and other AWS-sponsored OSS projects are included on this roadmap. Of course, there will be technologies we are very excited about that we are going to launch without notice to surprise and delight our customers.

**Q: How can I provide feedback or ask for more information?**

A: Please open an issue!

**Q: How can I request a feature be added to the roadmap?**

A: Please open an issue!  You can read about how to contribute [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md). Community submitted issues will be tagged "Proposed" and will be reviewed by the team.

**Q: Will you accept a pull request?**

A: We haven't worked out how pull requests should work for a public roadmap page, but we will take all PRs very seriously and review for inclusion. Read about [contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This library is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. 

To learn more about the services, head here: https://aws.amazon.com/app-mesh

Commit message:

Add slack community, make beta channel not new
https://github.com/aws/aws-app-mesh-roadmap/issues/139

README.md, after:

## AWS App Mesh Roadmap

This is the public roadmap for AWS App Mesh. 

AWS App Mesh makes it easy to monitor and control microservices running on AWS. App Mesh standardizes how your microservices communicate, giving you end-to-end visibility and helping to ensure high-availability for your applications.
You can use App Mesh with [AWS Fargate](https://aws.amazon.com/fargate), [Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/), [Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (EKS)](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/), and Kubernetes on EC2 to better run containerized microservices at scale. App Mesh uses Envoy, an open source proxy, making it compatible with a wide range of AWS partner and open source tools for monitoring microservices.

For help getting started with App Mesh, head to https://aws.amazon.com/app-mesh.  Or, to see examples, you can visit our examples repository: https://github.com/aws/aws-app-mesh-examples

---

## Introduction
This is the experimental public roadmap for AWS App Mesh.
Knowing about our upcoming products and priorities helps our customers plan. This repository contains information about what we are working on and allows all AWS customers to give direct feedback.

[See the roadmap »](https://github.com/aws/aws-app-mesh-roadmap/projects/1)

## Beta Channel
AWS App Mesh offers a Beta Channel, a public service endpoint which allows every customer to try out and provide feedback on beta service features before they are generally available. The service endpoint is separate from the standard production endpoint, and is coupled with preview releases of the AWS CLI for App Mesh, allowing customers to test beta features without impacting their current production infrastructure.

For more information on the Beta Channel, see [AWS App Mesh Beta Channel](/BETA-CHANNEL.md).

## Slack Community
AWS App Mesh participates in an open Slack community in which participants can share tips and tricks, get help troubleshooting a problem, or discuss new and potential future features of App Mesh.

The slack community can be found at https://awsappmesh.slack.com, and you can join the slack community with [this invite](https://join.slack.com/t/awsappmesh/shared_invite/zt-dwgbt85c-Sj_md92__quV8YADKfsQSA).

## Security disclosures

If you think you’ve found a potential security issue, please do not post it in the Issues.  Instead, please follow the instructions [here](https://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/) or [email AWS security directly](mailto:aws-security@amazon.com).


## FAQs
**Q: Why did you build this?**

A: We know that our customers are making decisions and plans based on what we are developing, and we want to provide our customers the insights they need to plan.

**Q: Why are there no dates on your roadmap?**

A: Because job zero is security and operational stability, we can't provide specific target dates for features.

**Q: What do the roadmap categories mean?**
* *Just shipped* - obvious, right?
* *Coming soon* - coming up.  Think a couple of months out, give or take.
* *We're working on it* - in progress, but further out.  We might still be working through the implementation details, or scoping stuff out.
* *Researching* - We're thinking about it. This might mean we're still designing, or thinking through how this might work. This is a great phase to send how you want to see something implemented!  We'd love to see your usecase or design ideas here. 

**Q: Is everything on the roadmap?**

A: The majority of our development work for AWS App Mesh and other AWS-sponsored OSS projects are included on this roadmap. Of course, there will be technologies we are very excited about that we are going to launch without notice to surprise and delight our customers.

**Q: How can I provide feedback or ask for more information?**

A: Please open an issue!

**Q: How can I request a feature be added to the roadmap?**

A: Please open an issue!  You can read about how to contribute [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md). Community submitted issues will be tagged "Proposed" and will be reviewed by the team.

**Q: Will you accept a pull request?**

A: We haven't worked out how pull requests should work for a public roadmap page, but we will take all PRs very seriously and review for inclusion. Read about [contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This library is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. 

To learn more about the services, head here: https://aws.amazon.com/app-mesh
